[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i am going to recap the story of
spike 2015 film
the story of spy film begins with a
character named bradley fine who is the
field agent of cia
coming from party he reaches a place
taking a gun where an arms dealer is
present
he says going there where is the bomb
you have only 10 seconds
suddenly bradley's gun is fired putting
that man into dead
meanwhile another character named susan
cooper appears who is 40 years old lady
she is the cia analyst and she remains
in contact with bradley through the
earpiece bluetooth
in the next scene cia boss provides the
weepin's information along with others
then she displays a picture of a girl
named raina on a screen
she tells about reina she is a top-class
girl
she has been living in london for the
last 10 years
and she is in contact with the other
terrorists organization's heads
then a man solsa duties photo is also
shown who is al-qaeda funded
she says we have evidence that he has
machinery the assigned mission for
bradley is to bring reina here
going to his mission bradley reaches
reyna's house while susan sitting in the
spy
office is noticing everything she keeps
an eye on each action of bradley
she continues to provide him guidance
and instructions
security guards attack him as he enters
the room of reyna
but bradley cracks their necks then
reyna enters the room and talks to him
pointing bradley on the gun point
as she says she knows that his name is
bradley fine
and he has devoted as a cia agent then
she names the other agents as matthew
chris rick ford and karen walker then
she says
i know all your active agents i prefer
you to keep yourself away from me
then she shoots bradley being helpless
susan cooper is just watching him online
sitting in her office because she cannot
act in any way
she takes a photo of a chip putting
aside then she sends that photo to an
employee of ciia named nancy saying her
to enhance it
enhancing that chit photo it clears the
number with the written word
paris's cia boss arranges a meeting with
all her employees
she says raina will have hacked the
whole system she is reina who is nearly
to sell the tactical weapon to a
terrorist organization
then cia boss declares we don't know
that where is that bomb
our analyst susan cooper has understood
the way
reina has the contact of deluca who is
working with the terrorist group
then detective is decided for deluca and
reina
it is also decided that detective will
be disguised
but ford disagrees on this assigned task
to susan cooper considering her
incompetent
he is the other agent of cia
interviewing susan cooper
cia boss directs her on her work she
declares this task as a track and report
mission
she is given a fake identity of a mother
named carol who is the mother of four
kids
cia boss says you cannot contact me
directly
your task is only to track and report
terrorist can possess the nuclear bomb
in case of a minute mistake
some weapons such as whistle anti-fungal
and paper spray are given to susan
cooper from spy team
she is also instructed spy employee says
it is the best thing if you sacrifice
your life for the sake of your country
susan replies i am not sacrificing
myself but returning back
she departs to paris by aircraft
disguising herself into a new look
she is afraid and also excited then she
reaches a hotel
motel ford is already in the room as she
enters there
he again reminds her you are just
spoiling the whole mission
next morning susan leaves to search the
office of deluca
reaching at the location of building she
notices the burnt office of him
then a man who is there shows her the
photo of building after being burnt a
bit
and there is also a suspected person in
the photo
entering into a hotel he notices that
suspected man outside
she chases that man while that man is
pursuing ford
then that man leaves replacing his bomb
bag with ford's backpack
susan shouts on ford but he does not
listen going in the crowd where the
concert is being held
holding a mic on the stage she informs
ford about the bag
ford finds a bomb opening the bag ford
throws the bag into a lake situated at
the back side which causes a great
explosion
the people start running to save their
lives people are secured and susan runs
after that suspected man who takes her
photo
she remains in contact with nancy and
tells her friend
i am pursuing him she enters a building
chasing him
she kills her and that man is fallen
down from the building
cia boss orders susan through a call to
come back
but susan assures her i can accomplish
this task and i have rescued many people
then cia boss is again satisfied and
gives her new name penny morgan changing
her identity
now the new identity of penny morgan is
a divorced housewife and moves to
complete her mission again
with her new identity susan goes to rome
where de luca's presence is detected
there he meets a man named aldo aldo
reveals that the whole night is spent in
casino by deluca
she tries to enter the casino but the
checker says to her
your name is unlisted ford is also there
and declares her a partner
bringing her it aside ford gets furious
and says
why is she here then susan also observes
reyna who is in the casino
then she notices a man mixing something
in the drink of raina
this action is in her favor because she
could take revenge as such
because she is the killer of bradley
fine she thinks as the secret of bomb
will be lost if she dies
susan saves the life of raina telling
that there is something that has been
mixed in her drink
reina becomes friendly with her she
invites her in the inner circle of her
team saying we are leaving to budapest
reyna takes her in her private jet and
tells it's my father's jet
reyna says you are the one who brings
the memory of my mama in my mind
she offers susan a drink which makes her
senseless coming into the sense
susan knows that reina had mixed drug in
her drink
it is revealed to reina that susan is a
cia agent
rayna is again attacked in the jet
killing the pilot and the aircraft
begins to crash
then going to the cockpit susan balances
the aircraft
saving it she also saves the life of
raina
telling a lie susan changes her identity
again and convinces reina
she tells reina my name is amber
valentine i have been hired as your
private bodyguard
by your father rayna agrees of her being
bodyguard but threatening as you will
face the unexpected death if telling a
lie
now susan reaches budapest with reina
she is calling cia
employee named nancy while walking on
the road
suddenly she is bumped with a lady who
is the same employee nancy
susan is shocked seeing her nancy tells
i have been sent here searching for you
through the help of your earpiece device
raina immediately comes after them
noticing them together
raina is attacked there as she arrives
saving the life of raina
susan gives her charge to nancy she goes
after that attacker who is driving a car
susan chases that car snatching the
scooter of a man
she reaches their after grade a great
trouble looking into the car
she finds spy karen walker karen walker
is a traitor who has sold the names of
cia agents to reyna
before attacking on susan karen is
murdered by someone
susan is seen in a new look in the next
scene then she attends a party with
raina
reina says to susan i had asked you to
dress up nicely and take off your gloves
raina asks susan to keep an eye on a
girl showing a photo in her mobile
ford is also there disguisedly both
quarrel but that girl arrives there
which was asked to notice
susan catches that girl going after her
that girl loses her consciousness
because of susan
s attack it is all outside the party
after sometimes reina comes to that
place where susan is captivated and
bradley fine also arrives there
this scene exposes that bradley is not
murdered by reina
he is still alive susan is surprising
but reyna's security makes her
unconscious
susan becomes the captiva of reyna aldo
is also imprisoned
bradley tells the whole reality coming
to the place where susan is bound
he says i had to make my death fake in
order to win the trust of reina
karen walker had sold the agent's name
to her sashi is aware of our agents
i am undercover even before you and
cannot trust any member of agency
reina does not know your identity is a
spy now i am going to meet deluca and
salsa duty to know about the bomb
saying it bradley fine leaves susan and
aldo escape from there after him
susan cooper follows bradley fine who is
on his mission related to deluca
susan cooper goes into a de luca villa
taking a new car
reyna and bradley had been welcomed in
the villa by deluca
but he suspects bradley knowing that he
has been the agent of cia
he points his gun on him after a
suspicion taking a gun
susan reaches there and she tells imcia
agent susan when deluca asks about her
identity
she tells she has been mistreated by cia
she is here to save the life of bradley
because she cares for him
she convinces others with her
conversation winning their trust
she accepts that she can do anything
rescuing the life of bradley
deluca says all right i accept your
offer
but in case of misdoing on you or your
partner i will kill both of you
salsa duty is welcomed by deluca after
his arrival
he also takes information about the
package
deluca hands over him the briefcase of
diamond then they are taken inside where
reina shows them the nuclear bomb device
taking the site of nuclear bomb device
deluca points salsa duty on the gun
point and finally shoots him
he orders his security guard to place
the nuclear bomb device and briefcase
filled with diamond in the helicopter
he wants to sell the diamonds to buyer
now
reina is the shooting point of deluca's
gun ford comes there weirdly as he is
about to shoot reina
ford attracts the attention of everyone
finding the chance
susan ends the men firing her gun deluca
is nearly to shoot susa cooper but
bradley comes before her receiving the
gunshot on his arm
susan loses her temper and catches
deluca de luca immediately takes his
helicopter where the diamonds and device
have been placed
susan cooper reaches at the exact time
of helicopter's flight
she catches the landing gear of
helicopter while hanging with it
then she soon moves into the helicopter
taking the device and diamonds
she throws them into the lake de luca is
got aggressive seeing it
nancy in the other helicopter targets
him using her gun as he is going to fire
his gun on susan
and he himself falls into the lake susan
controls the helicopter landing
technically
nuclear bomb device is taken out from
the water while reyna is seized
cia boss and other officers also reach
their appreciating susan
thanks for watching like comment
and subscribe don't forget to hit the
bell icon